:book: added link to plugin design phase 2 docs (#2612)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/plugins.md

<aside class="note">
<h1>Note</h1>

> For further information check the design proposal docs [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc], [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] and [phase 2][plugins-phase2-design-doc] . 

Reviewer: The phase 2 is not here because it is not implemented yet. It is the section vision for plugins see: https://book.kubebuilder.io/plugins/creating-plugins.html#future-vision-for-kubebuilder-plugins

Author: oh ohkay so while creating a new plugin, on will have to refer the phase 1 & 1.5?

Author: oh ohkay so while creating a new plugin, one will have to refer the phase 1 & 1.5?

Reviewer: Yes, I think if you add phase 2 here it might lead to the idea that is implemented right? 

we can add something here as a note with a link to suggest to authors check what is its vision to the future

Author: okay.

Author: Hey @camilamacedo86, I made the changes can you take a look?

> You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and it's [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] to know more about what is provided by Kubebuilder CLI and API currently. 

Reviewer 2: Nit
```suggestion
You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and it's [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] to know more on what is provided by Kubebuilder CLI and API currently. 
```

> You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and it's [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] to know more about what is provided by Kubebuilder CLI and API currently. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] to know more about what is provided by Kubebuilder CLI and API currently. 
```

>  You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5]. To know more about the future vision, check [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 2][plugins-phase2-design-doc]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the existing design proposal docs at [Extensible CLI and Scaffolding Plugins: phase 1][plugins-phase1-design-doc] and it's [phase 1.5][plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5] to know more about what is provided by Kubebuilder CLI and API currently. 
```

That is not the only material in the future vision subsection. So, I think the best here is do a new note to just clarifies that.

[plugins-phase1-design-doc]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/extensible-cli-and-scaffolding-plugins-phase-1.md
[plugins-phase1-design-doc-1.5]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/extensible-cli-and-scaffolding-plugins-phase-1-5.md

> [extending-cli]: extending-cli.md

Reviewer: The link alias ought to be always at the bottom of the page.
Could we ensure that before getting this one merged?

<aside class="note">
<h1>What is about to came next?</h1>

> To know more about its plans and the Kubebuilder future vision over the Plugins architecture see the section [Future vision for Kubebuilder Plugins][section-future-vision-plugins].

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
To know more about its plans and the Kubebuilder's future vision over the Plugins architecture see the section [Future vision for Kubebuilder Plugins][section-future-vision-plugins].
```

> To know more about its plans and the Kubebuilder future vision over the Plugins architecture see the section [Future vision for Kubebuilder Plugins][section-future-vision-plugins].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To know more about Kubebuilder's future vision of the Plugins architecture see [Future vision for Kubebuilder Plugins][section-future-vision-plugins].
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<aside class="note">
<h1>What about came next?</h1>
To know more about its plans and the Kubebuilder future vision over the Plugins architecture see the section [Future vision for Kubebuilder Plugins][section-future-vision-plugins].
<.aside>

```
